capital = 64
oob = "GER_1910"

set_research_slots = 3

set_stability = 0.7
set_war_support = 0.61

set_convoys = 207
starting_train_buffer = 2

set_country_flag = Scramble_for_Africa

create_faction = central_powers

add_to_faction = GER
add_to_faction = AUH
give_guarantee = ITA

diplomatic_relation = {
	country = ARG
	relation = docking_rights
	active = yes
}

recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_ii
recruit_character = GER_erich_ludendorff
recruit_character = GER_august_bebel
recruit_character = GER_friedrich_ebert
recruit_character = GER_hugo_haase
recruit_character = GER_karl_liebknecht
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_iii
recruit_character = GER_paul_von_hindenburg
recruit_character = GER_ernst_thalmann
recruit_character = GER_august_von_mackensen
recruit_character = GER_karl_von_einem
recruit_character = GER_franz_von_papen
recruit_character = GER_erich_von_falkenhayn
recruit_character = GER_hans_von_seeckt
recruit_character = GER_rudiger_von_der_goltz
recruit_character = GER_alfred_von_tirpitz
recruit_character = GER_eduard_von_capelle
recruit_character = GER_georg_von_muller
recruit_character = GER_henning_von_holtzendorff
recruit_character = GER_adolf_von_trotha
recruit_character = GER_ludwig_von_reuter
recruit_character = GER_theobald_von_bethmannhollweg
recruit_character = GER_paul_von_lettowvorbeck
recruit_character = GER_alfred_von_schlieffen
recruit_character = GER_albrecht_von_wurttemberg
recruit_character = GER_rupprecht_von_wittelsbach
recruit_character = GER_colmar_von_der_goltz
recruit_character = GER_lepold_von_bayern
recruit_character = GER_friedrich_august_iii
recruit_character = GER_Gottlieb_Graf_von_Haeseler
recruit_character = GER_karl_von_bulow
recruit_character = GER_Fritz_von_Below
recruit_character = GER_hermann_von_eichhorn
recruit_character = GER_remus_von_woyrsch
recruit_character = GER_alexander_von_kluck
recruit_character = GER_oskar_von_hutier
recruit_character = GER_georg_von_der_marwitz
recruit_character = GER_otto_von_below
recruit_character = GER_friedrich_sixt_von_armin
recruit_character = GER_hermann_von_francois
recruit_character = GER_Gunther_Von_Kirchbach
recruit_character = GER_friedrich_von_bernhardi
recruit_character = GER_maximilian_von_prittwitz
recruit_character = GER_walther_von_luttwitz
recruit_character = GER_otto_liman_von_sanders
recruit_character = GER_Ludwig_von_Falkenhausen
recruit_character = GER_max_von_gallwitz
recruit_character = GER_karl_litzmann
recruit_character = GER_karl_ludwig_delsa
recruit_character = GER_max_hoffmann
recruit_character = GER_erich_von_gündell
recruit_character = GER_kress_von_kressenstein
recruit_character = GER_bruno_von_mudra
recruit_character = GER_kurt_von_dem_borne
recruit_character = GER_carl_eduard_von_sachsen_coburg_und_gotha
recruit_character = GER_krafft_von_dellmensingen
recruit_character = GER_arnold_lequis
recruit_character = GER_fritz_bronsart_von_schellendorf
recruit_character = GER_alfred_von_kühne
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_karl_von_urach
recruit_character = GER_Moritz_von_Bissing
recruit_character = GER_Hugo_von_Pohl
recruit_character = GER_franz_von_hipper
recruit_character = GER_reinhard_scheer
recruit_character = GER_maximilian_von_spee
recruit_character = GER_albert_wilhelm_heinrich
recruit_character = GER_friedrich_von_baudissin
recruit_character = GER_curt_von_prittwitz
recruit_character = GER_max_von_fischel
recruit_character = GER_friedrich_von_ingenohl
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_souchon
recruit_character = GER_andreas_hermes
recruit_character = GER_hermann_von_der_lieth_thomsen
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_groener
recruit_character = GER_hermann_muller
recruit_character = GER_august_von_heeringen
recruit_character = GER_hermann_von_stein
recruit_character = GER_anton_drexler
recruit_character = GER_paul_behncke
recruit_character = GER_ernst_von_hoeppner
recruit_character = GER_hans_von_schwerin_lowitz
recruit_character = GER_johannes_kaempf
recruit_character = GER_constantin_fehrenbach
recruit_character = GER_wolfgang_kapp
recruit_character = GER_helmuth_von_moltke
recruit_character = GER_peter_strasser
recruit_character = GER_albert_einstein
recruit_character = GER_rosa_luxemburg
recruit_character = GER_josias_von_heeringen
recruit_character = GER_gottlieb_von_jagow
recruit_character = GER_arthur_zimmermann
recruit_character = GER_august_thyssen
recruit_character = GER_walter_von_eberhardt
recruit_character = GER_clemens_von_delbruck
recruit_character = GER_hjalmar_schacht
recruit_character = GER_walter_nicolai
recruit_character = GER_Ferdinand_von_Quast
recruit_character = GER_Felix_von_Bothmer
recruit_character = GER_adolf_hitler
recruit_character = GER_heinrich_brunning

1910.1.1 = {
	set_air_oob = "GER_1910_air_legacy"
	set_technology = {
		#infantry
		infantry_weapons = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		tech_mountaineers = 1
		camelry = 1
		#support
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		#artillery
		gw_artillery = 1
		howitzer1 = 1
		#doctrine
		continuous_offensive = 1
		#air
		early_fighter = 1
		airship_bomber = 1
		scout_plane = 1
		#engineering
		early_fire_control_system = 1
		electrical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		analytical_engine = 1
		mechanical_engineering = 1
		aircraft_engine = 1
		generator_battery = 1
		#trains
		basic_train = 1
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		}
		set_technology = {
			early_armored_car = 1
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			NOT = {
				has_dlc = "No Step Back"
			}
		}
		set_technology = {
			legacy_early_armored_car = 1
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			NOT = {
				has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
			}
		}
		set_technology = {
			early_submarine = 1
			basic_submarine = 1
			early_destroyer = 1
			basic_destroyer = 1
			early_light_cruiser = 1
			early_heavy_cruiser = 1
			early_battleship = 1
			basic_battleship = 1
			early_battlecruiser = 1
			transport = 1
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
		}
		set_technology = {
			basic_naval_mines = 1
			early_ship_hull_light = 1
			basic_ship_hull_light = 1
			early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
			basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
			early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
			basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
			early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
			basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
			basic_battery = 1
			basic_light_battery = 1
			basic_medium_battery = 1
			basic_heavy_battery = 1
			basic_torpedo = 1
			sonar = 1
			smoke_generator = 1
			basic_secondary_battery = 1
			basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
			basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
			mtg_transport = 1
			pre_dreadnoughts = 1
		}
	}
	add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
		type = infantry_equipment_0
		amount = 25000
		producer = GER
	}
	add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
		type = support_equipment
		amount = 3000
		producer = GER
	}
	add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
		type = artillery_equipment
		amount = 1000
		producer = GER
	}
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1907.1.12"
		election_frequency = 60
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
		fascism = 2
		communism = 10
		democratic = 34
		neutrality = 54
	}
	add_ideas = {
		GER_idea_norddeutscher_bund_legacy
		GER_idea_OHL
		limited_conscription
		partial_economic_mobilisation
		low_economic_mobilisation
		GER_idea_naval_arms_race
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			not = {
				has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
			}
		}
		### Ship Variants ###
		# Dreadnoughts #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kaiser Class"
			type = battleship_1
			parent_version = 0
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Helgoland Class"
			type = battleship_1
			parent_version = 0
		}
		# Pre-Dreadnoughts #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Braunschweig Class"
			type = battleship_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Wittelsbach Class"
			type = battleship_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kaiser Friedrich III Class"
			type = battleship_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Brandenburg Class"
			type = battleship_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		# Battlecruisers #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Seydlitz Class"
			type = battle_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 0
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Moltke Class"
			type = battle_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 0
		}
		# Armored Cruisers #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Roon Class"
			type = heavy_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Prinz Adalbert Class"
			type = heavy_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Prinz Heinrich Class"
			type = heavy_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Fürst Bismarck Class"
			type = heavy_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Bussard Class"
			type = heavy_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		# Light Cruisers #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kolberg Class"
			type = light_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 0
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Nautilus Class"
			type = light_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 0
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Königsberg Class"
			type = light_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Bremen Class"
			type = light_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Gazelle Class"
			type = light_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Hela Class"
			type = light_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Victoria Louise Class"
			type = light_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kaiserin Augusta Class"
			type = light_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Iltis Class"
			type = light_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Schwalbe Class"
			type = light_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Planet Class"
			type = light_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		# Torpedo Boats #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "S90 Class"
			type = destroyer_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		# Submarine #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "U 1 Class"
			type = submarine_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		set_naval_oob = "GER_1910_naval_legacy"
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
		}
		# Dreadnoughts #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kaiser Class"
			type = ship_hull_heavy_1
			name_group = GER_BB_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
				front_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Helgoland Class"
			type = ship_hull_heavy_1
			name_group = GER_BB_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
				front_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Nassau Class"
			type = ship_hull_heavy_1
			name_group = GER_BB_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
				front_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
		}
		# Pre-Dreadnoughts #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Deutschland Class"
			type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
			name_group = GER_B_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
				front_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Braunschweig Class"
			type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
			name_group = GER_B_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
				front_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Wittelsbach Class"
			type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
			name_group = GER_B_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
				front_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kaiser Friedrich III Class"
			type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
			name_group = GER_B_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
				front_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Brandenburg Class"
			type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
			name_group = GER_B_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
				front_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		# Battlecruisers #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Seydlitz Class"
			type = ship_hull_heavy_1
			name_group = GER_BC_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bc_1
				front_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Moltke Class"
			type = ship_hull_heavy_1
			name_group = GER_BC_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bc_1
				front_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Von der Tann Class"
			type = ship_hull_heavy_1
			name_group = GER_BC_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bc_1
				front_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
		}
		# Armored Cruisers #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Blücher Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = GER_CA_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Scharnhorst Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = GER_CA_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Roon Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = GER_CA_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Prinz Adalbert Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = GER_CA_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Prinz Heinrich Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = GER_CA_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Fürst Bismarck Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = GER_CA_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Bussard Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = GER_CA_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		# Light Cruisers #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Magdeburg Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
			name_group = GER_CL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kolberg Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = GER_CL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Nautilus Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = GER_CL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Dresden Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = GER_CL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Königsberg Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = GER_CL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Bremen Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = GER_CL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Gazelle Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = GER_CL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Hela Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = GER_CL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Victoria Louise Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = GER_PROTECTED_CRUISERS_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kaiserin Augusta Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = GER_PROTECTED_CRUISERS_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Iltis Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = GER_CL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Schwalbe Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = GER_UNPROTECTED_CRUISERS_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Planet Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = GER_CL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		# Torpedo Boats #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "S138 Class"
			type = ship_hull_light_1
			name_group = GER_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "S90 Class"
			type = ship_hull_light_1
			name_group = GER_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
		}
		#Submarines
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "U Class"
			type = ship_hull_submarine_1
			name_group = GER_SS_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
		}
		set_naval_oob = "GER_1910_naval_mtg"
	}
}

1914.1.1 = {
	set_global_flag = GER_1912_Federal_Election
	retire_character = GER_august_bebel
	retire_character = GER_alfred_von_schlieffen
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1912.1.12"
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100
	complete_national_focus = GER_weltpolitik
	complete_national_focus = GER_prussian_militarism
	complete_national_focus = GER_support_austrian_claims
	complete_national_focus = GER_OHL_authority
	complete_national_focus = GER_place_under_the_sun
	unlock_national_focus = GER_moroccan_crisis
	complete_national_focus = GER_german_austrian_joint_staff
	complete_national_focus = GER_claim_mittelafrika
	complete_national_focus = GER_focus_on_light_aviation
	complete_national_focus = GER_naval_supremacy
	complete_national_focus = GER_expand_staff
	complete_national_focus = GER_isolate_balkan_threat
	unlock_national_focus = GER_delegation_to_romania
	unlock_national_focus = GER_investing_in_cameroon
	unlock_national_focus = GER_investing_in_ostafrika
	complete_national_focus = GER_schutztruppe
	unlock_national_focus = GER_investing_in_sudwestafrika
	complete_national_focus = GER_colonial_protectorates
	complete_national_focus = GER_atlantic_shipyard
	complete_national_focus = GER_focus_on_airships
	complete_national_focus = GER_eastern_expansion
	complete_national_focus = GER_focus_on_true_enemy
	complete_national_focus = GER_military_advisers
	unlock_national_focus = GER_befriend_holland
	complete_national_focus = GER_oberster_kriegsherr
	add_named_threat = {
		threat = 5
		name = GER_moroccan_crisis
	}
	add_state_claim = 461
	add_state_claim = 462
	add_state_claim = 108
	#GER_investing_in_cameroon
	539 = {
		add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 2
		add_building_construction = {
			type = arms_factory
			level = 1
			instant_build = yes
		}
		add_building_construction = {
			type = industrial_complex
			level = 1
			instant_build = yes
		}
	}
	CMR = {
		add_state_core = 539
		set_cosmetic_tag = CMR_GER
	}
	TOG = {
		add_state_core = 777
		add_state_core = 794
	}
	#GER_investing_in_ostafrika
	546 = {
		add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 2
		add_building_construction = {
			type = industrial_complex
			level = 2
			instant_build = yes
		}
	}
	TZN = {
		add_state_core = 768
		add_state_core = 546
		set_cosmetic_tag = TZN_GER
	}
	#GER_investing_in_sudwestafrika
	541 = {
		add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 2
		add_building_construction = {
			type = industrial_complex
			level = 2
			instant_build = yes
		}
	}
	NMB = {
		add_state_core = 541
		set_cosmetic_tag = NMB_GER
	}
	transfer_ship = {
		prefer_name = "SMS Kurfürst Friedrich Wilhelm"
		type = battleship
		target = TUR
	}
	transfer_ship = {
		prefer_name = "SMS Weissenburg"
		type = battleship
		target = TUR
	}
	set_technology = {
		fighter1 = 1
		interwar_artillery = 1
		howitzer1 = 1
		infantry_weapons2 = 1
		improved_infantry_weapons = 1
		support_weapons = 1
		support_weapons2 = 1
		motorised_infantry = 1
		#doctrines
		trench_warfare = 1
		machine_gun_defence = 1
		cavalry_support = 1
		mobile_support = 1
		trade_interdiction = 1
		convoy_interdiction_ti = 1
		unrestricted_submarine_warfare = 1
		raider_patrols = 1
		#air
		formation_flying = 1
		#electronics
		electrical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		analytical_engine = 1
		generator_battery = 1
		basic_cryptography = 1
		basic_cryptanalysis = 1
		#industry
		early_machine_tools = 1
		machine_tools2 = 1
		fortification1 = 1
		fortification2 = 1
		excavation1 = 1
		excavation2 = 1
		oil_production1 = 1
		oil_production2 = 1
		fuel_silos = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		industrial_complex1 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		}
		set_technology = {
			basic_armored_car = 1
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			NOT = {
				has_dlc = "No Step Back"
			}
		}
		set_technology = {
			legacy_basic_armored_car = 1
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			NOT = {
				has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
			}
		}
		set_technology = {
			improved_destroyer = 1
			basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
			improved_heavy_cruiser = 1
			improved_battleship = 1
			early_carrier = 1
			basic_carrier = 1
			improved_carrier = 1
		}
		### Ship Variants ###
		# Dreadnoughts #
		## König (battleship_2)
		# Battlecruisers #
		## Derfflinger (battle_cruiser_2)
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Graudenz Class"
			type = light_cruiser_2
			parent_version = 0
		}
		# Light Cruisers #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Pillau Class"
			type = light_cruiser_2
			parent_version = 0
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Karlsruhe Class"
			type = light_cruiser_2
			parent_version = 0
		}
		set_naval_oob = "GER_1914_naval_legacy"
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
		}
		set_technology = {
			improved_ship_hull_light = 1
			improved_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
			improved_ship_hull_heavy = 1
			early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
			basic_ship_hull_carrier = 1
			improved_heavy_battery = 1
		}
		# Battleships #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "König Class"
			type = ship_hull_heavy_2
			name_group = GER_BB_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
				front_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
		}
		# Battlecruisers #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Derfflinger Class"
			type = ship_hull_heavy_2
			name_group = GER_BC_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bc_1
				front_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
		}
		# Light Cruisers #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Pillau Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
			name_group = GER_CL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Graudenz Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
			name_group = GER_CL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Karlsruhe Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
			name_group = GER_CL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			}
		}
		# Destroyers #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "V25 Class"
			type = ship_hull_light_3
			name_group = GER_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "V1 Class"
			type = ship_hull_light_2
			name_group = GER_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
		}
		set_naval_oob = "GER_1914_naval_mtg"
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Mata Hari"
		GFX = GFX_GER_mata_hari
		traits = {
			operative_seducer
		}
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = {
			GER
			FRA
			HOL
		}
	}
}
